Hello guys
this epson tx 300 efector
with mouthpiece is already installed all
Right here, it's to show the
reservation of the chip that when it gives that
the error that the ink
she asks professional here goes
replace the cartridges
you open the lid and you will have access to the
right inside x
even having hulk the state on the side that the
reservoirs né
have to do the substitution
case as if it were a cartridge inside
then remove and put a cartridge
original the egg will push the button
in there
push the button does not need to stay
holding just squeeze and drop
op can not replace the ocean one
yellow and black rock checking
It's time to get started to make a
different noise but is already loading
It will already work again.
usually not
she makes different noises as soon as
let's gear rolling
She is cleaning the head.
tv check here at the dispensing outlet
is being extinguished missing as if it were
replaced cartridges
here reset is just wait for
she is going to load normally she will come back
to work
I do not know why she asks for paint is just
repeat the procedure
Any questions please contact us
www.sonico.com